New hosts UI features (#1736)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_restarting-applications-on-a-host.adoc

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE
> 
> [id="restarting-applications-on-a-host_{context}"]
> = Restarting applications on a host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="restarting-applications-on-a-host_{context}"]
= Restarting Applications on a Host
```

Use this procedure to restart applications from the {ProjectWebUI}.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Click the name of the hosts you want to modify.
. Select the *Traces* tab.

> . Select the applications you want to restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select applications that you want to restart.
```

> . Click the *Restart app* button, then click *Restart via remote execution*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Restart via remote execution* from the *Restart app* list.
```

> +
> You will get a REX job notification once the remote execution job is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will get a REX job notification once the remote execution job is complete.
```
